Update quickstart.rst to include example of passing server arguments (#1645)
spec-first/connexion: docs/quickstart.rst

    app = connexion.FlaskApp(__name__, port = 8080, specification_dir='openapi/', server='tornado')

> Additoinally you can pass the parameters for the corresponding server as a dictionary using the `server_args` parameter. Hence in scenarios like serving static content, you can pass the parameters as given here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, you can pass the parameters for the corresponding server as a dictionary using the `server_args` parameter. For example, in a scenario where you're serving static content, you can pass the parameters as follows:
```

.. code-block:: python

    import connexion

>     app = connexion.FlaskApp(__name__, port = 8080, specification_dir='openapi/', server='flask', server_args={'static_url_path':"/", 'static_folder':"whereever/your/static/files/are"})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    app = connexion.FlaskApp(
        __name__,
        port=8080,
        specification_dir='openapi/',
        server='flask',
        server_args={'static_url_path': '/', 'static_folder': 'wherever/your/static/files/are'}
    )
```
